95 - Internet Became Commercialized - In 1995 a mass amount of consumers were able to get their hands on the new technology of the era, with Windows 95 out people had more access to a computer, and soon enough the last commercial restrictions were taken away by the NSFNET it boomed allowing people to communicate with thousands at a faster speed than ever.96 - Microsoft National Broadcasting Company (MSNBC) - One of the few channels back in 1996 to provide 24 hour news, but this was nothing new. What made it new was using the Internet and Telephones to get news quicker then any other News Channel. People would call in and report news, upon which they would cover it, in many instances they beat CNN with 5+ Minutes!97 - Internet Explorer 4 - Internet Explorer had been around for a while, but version 4 added many things that are still with us today. It came with many Microsoft Computers, which allowed more people to have access to the internet, it also informed you of site updates to subscribed websites alowing people to get news faster then ever.98 - Google - Google was founded and was now available to the public, though it was not the first search engine they had a different goal, their mission statement was "to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful" which we can see that they have succeeded and it can be used to reaserch things faster then ever.99 - Rich Site Summary (RSS) - Released for Netscape it allowed people to subscribe to a website that is constantly updated, such as the News. Then with the right software it would allow you to read the news posted from the website. The nice thing about this was it contained all your RSS feeds which means if you subscribe to more than one you can view them all at the same time from a single program allowing new information to be obtained much easier and faster.00 - Text Messaging - Though it had been in Europe for a while, AT&T decided to give it to the U.S. and they took it in like crazy. It allowed people to send typed messages to others where ever and whenever, meaning news could speed and you wouldn't even have to speak a word and others would have it.01 - Wikipedia - Launched into the internet allowed everyone to share their own bit of knowledge. People could post and edit information that others could see and change it at will. This allowed any subject to be shared and you didn’t even need to know how to make a website or launch it. This allowed a great passing of information and a great resource of knowledge and news topics of old that may be hard to understand.02 - China Blocks Google - China first began to try to block Google, which had become popular quickly popular with the Chinese, they tried to restrict the access of News outside of what they said over radio or TV, though latter on this went on it failed to be able to block it due to the mass amount of people trying to access it.03 - Skype - The release of one of the most major Peer to Peer chat systems. It not only allowed people to Instant message but it even allowed two people with microphones to Voice chat, and even better than that, if they had Web Cams they could Video Chat. That means you can have live news between two different people on the News or elsewhere instantly with a simple click of a few buttons.04 - Facebook - Facebook created a community customized to you; you can share information, learn information from your friends that you have added on it, it even allows you to follow organizations and know what they are doing. All from your own customized home page that is based around you. You could share personal News or National News on it and inform all those you are linked to and the same the other way around.05 - YouTube - What brought Videos to be an extremely popular thing for many, for many reasons from News to funny videos. It allowed any video to be uploaded and shared, including the News, meaning if there are things you missed on the News about the Presidential Debate it would be on YouTube, even old videos of events are on there, such as 9/11 from 2002.06 - Twitter - Very similar to Facebook but with some small changes such as just because you are linked one way does not mean you are linked another, meaning that you can follow as many people as you want and they don't have to follow any. It also limits you’re the amount of characters you have, this is great for Mobile Devices as it makes them easy to receive and read and follow the news of whatever you happen to be following.07 - iPhone - One of the most revolutionary things we have today, it combines a Music Player and a Cell Phone into a revolutionary device which can play Music, Make Phone Calls, Text, Play Games, Search the Internet, Talk on Social Networks, built in GPS, and the list goes on and on. It allows people to have better access to everything and all in one place, all of the past technologies in a small gadget less than a pound and fits in the palm of your hand.08 - Android - Released one year after the iPhone, yet dose the same purpose at a cheaper price with different problems. It was made by Google, so naturally it allowed you to Google things instantly. It also allowed anyone to develop on it meaning a lot more apps were available allowing people different access to different things then the iPhone and amazingly it was still at a cheaper price.09 - Solid-State Drive (SSD) - These things are ancient, but not until 2009 were they efficient. Now days these things can load extremely fast, meaning unlike the old Hard Drives things can be done faster. Considering how big Video Files are these are a great speed boost to the passing of information and surely will become faster and better in the future.10 - iPad -A few years after the iPod came out the iPad came. Most may consider it just a larger version of the iPod, but in reality this is a mobile Tablet Computer. It has the same interface as a iPod, but it has the power of a computer you would find in an everyday home. It allows for more things to be done on the go.11 - Google + - It has been many years sense Google’s goal of organizing the internet has succeeded, and now they are bring everything together. They have bought YouTube and are offering a lot more options such as social networking all from a sing website. They even have their own web browser. Google + ties it all together and makes everything convenient at a touch of a button.12 - Windows 8 - Preparing for the future it came, it is more compatible with Tablet technology and more accessible using touch screen. Preparing for the future it came into the world to advance us in speed and keeping it as mobile allowing news to be made and obtained anywhere.
